create Data Academy page (#1)
nmfs-openscapes/nmfs-openscapes.github.io: data-academy.qmd

---
title: "NMFS Openscapes Data Academy"
---

NMFS Openscapes is running a Data Academy Cohort in spring 2025! Read on to learn what this is and how to apply. The Data Academy is being led by Openscapes as part of the Fisheries Modernization Strategy. We will run this program 3 times, annually in spring 2025 - 2027.

[Sign up for spring 2025] **by March 24, 2025** at 10am PT ⬢ Sample email to share announcement **\[LINK\]**

## What is the Data Academy?

**What:** You will learn R through lessons on the [dataquest.io](http://dataquest.io) platform. The Data Academy is **asynchronous** so you can complete the lessons on your own schedule, and also **cohort-based** so you’ll get to know your colleagues and have accountability. The Openscapes team will provide support through **synchronous help desk hours** and a **dedicated Google Space** for help. A training certificate will be issued for each module completed.

**Expected time commitment**: 2-hour chunks of learning time, plus 1 hour of optional office hours support, weekly for 3 months.

**When**: April through June, 2025.

-   Mondays: Week’s lesson reminder received via email. Complete lesson on your own schedule.

> -   Wednesdays: Help desk with the Openscapes team and other participants (Optional, via Zoom, 12-1 pm EDT)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Wednesdays: Office hours with the Openscapes team and other participants (Optional, via Zoom, 12-1 pm EDT)
```

Are office hours and help desk different things?
